RSS User Instruction:

1. You can login with a default account (haoming). If you wish to create a account, click the sign up button.
2. In order to give a ride, you need to follow the following steps:
    a. Creating a car. (please do not delete the car if you have associated it with a trip. However, there is no machnism to stop you doing that yet. But I will implement it in the future)
    b. Creating a route. Check 'create a new route' radio button, and give your route an alias. After this, you can add stop points for the route. (at this stage, SPs cannot be removed from routes.)
    c. Creating a trip.  Check 'create a new trip' radio button, set up alias, direction, trip start and end date, car, and route. Once you select a route, the bottom table will show all SPs related to the selected route. You need select each SP row and set up a time at the right side. After you have assigned arriving times for all SPs, click 'Add' to create a trip. (at the stage, trips cannot be changed or deleted.)
    d. Giving a ride. Click 'add a new ride' and set up alias, and pick a trip and available seats #. The maximum available seats is derived from the trip's car seat number. (at this stage, rides cannot be changed)
3. To book a ride, just click 'Book a ride' in Book Rides view. Firstly, type the desired SP at the right side, click 'search' to find your destination or set off location. When select a SP in the table view, the bottom table will show all rides associated with the selected SP. Simply selecting a ride and clicking 'Book Ride', you can book it and view it from view mode. FYI, bookings can be deleted as it won't mess anything up. (Known bugs: you can even book your own rides = =#)

Note:
1. SQLite database is used for this assignment. All controllers are basically just do queries with DB, so I really don't know how to write unit tests or Cucumber for it. Writing another queries in tests doesn't value much as the purpose for testing is not see if database works. So for, I only have one test and I know that is bad. Hope I can improve that for the next delivery.
2. Known bugs: 
    a. any fields containing quotes would mess up sql queries and cause operation failures. 
    b. Deleting a car after associating the car with a trip/ride causes ride view failed to load, as app cannot load car's carId and seat no to combo box.
    c. You can book your own rides.
    d. When booking a ride, if a ride has no more available seats, the ride does not show up but its stop points do. It means that even though you can see there is a stop point, no ride is available to book after you click the SP.

Cheers,
Haoming Yin (hyi25) -- the programmer
